1) Design a class that interacts with database but does account management stuff - maybe maintains a table in the
    database that contains clients, sites, sensors at each sites, user accounts for each client and a password hash or something
    for each user. This will be useful for https server anyway

    Idea: Database objects can return a ClientDatabase "view" that is this class. So database is set up and you go
     db.getClientManager() or something and returns an object set up with the existing database that is purely in charge
     of client stuff.

     First make this object, then get Databse to return one preconfigured. Maybe it stores everything as
     database entries, which we already have. Trick is how to deal with them.
     a) Each client gets an id. Id is stored as time? Then can have two tables. One is where ID gives an entry that is
        sites as a list of fields. The other table is where ID gives an entry where you lookup username as field entry
        and the hashed password is stored as the value? Orrr, returns a user ID (also a time) that in a user ID table
        gives fields like "username", "hashedpassword", "site 1 you have access to", "site 2 you have access to", etc -
        would be good way to manage users and store with existing infrastructure?
        For the first, the site value returns something that gives another table with all the sensors at that site with
        maybe IPv6 to lat and long or something as key value pairs.

        So more concretely:
        //1) Table of clients with sites: ID (time) to client name and list of sites
        2) Table of clients with users: ID (time) to client name and list of users (users also time as ID)
        3) List of users with permissions and details: User ID (time) to username, password, email etc and also sites available to user
        //4) Table of sites: for each site, has sensor lat and longs stored?

        So... Need to make User class? And then have efficient way of storing as a database entry. Will be smart!
        User class contains all good stuff and is easy to deal with. Get feedback on what user class will need

        So... need to separate generating user keys to just adding users

2) Allow users to add sensors at existing site to command line tool